Add DeviceLayout transmon example (#458)
awslabs/palace: docs/src/examples/transmon.md

    were generated with [`DeviceLayout.jl`](https://aws-cqc.github.io/DeviceLayout.jl).

In this example, we simulate a superconducting
[transmon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transmon) qubit coupled to a readout
resonator, a fundamental building block of superconducting quantum processors.

The configuration and mesh for this example are generated with
[`DeviceLayout.jl`](https://aws-cqc.github.io/DeviceLayout.jl), a Julia package
for computer-aided design of quantum integrated circuits. DeviceLayout.jl
supports the generation of 2D layouts and 3D models using both low-level
geometry interfaces and high-level schematic-driven workflows, enabling
automated design and optimization of quantum devices. For a detailed tutorial on
using DeviceLayout.jl to generate this geometry, see [this
example](https://aws-cqc.github.io/DeviceLayout.jl/stable/examples/singletransmon/).

### Overview and Configuration

The system consists of three main components: a transmon qubit, a quarter-wave
coplanar waveguide resonator, and a feedline for signal input and output. The
transmon is capacitively coupled to the resonator through a "claw" structure

> that extends around the transmon islands, while the resonator couples to the

Reviewer: I believe it's the transmon cutout and the transmon island within it, the claw is around the cutout piece.

feedline to enable readout of the qubit state.

The image below shows the meshed geometry of the system. The metal structures
are fabricated on a dielectric substrate and enclosed within a simulation box
filled with vacuum to model the actual device environment.

```@raw html
<!-- Plot generated with plot_transmon_mesh() in transmon/transmon.jl -->
<br/><p align="center">
  <img src="../../assets/examples/transmon-1.png" width="100%" />
</p><br/>
```

The metal conductors are modeled as perfect electric conductors (PEC), with
three lumped ports defining the electromagnetic boundary conditions. Two
resistive ports at the feedline ends represent 50-Ohm terminations to the
external world, while a third port models the Josephson junction as a linearized
LC circuit with both inductance and capacitance. The substrate is sapphire,
chosen for its low dielectric loss and well-characterized anisotropic material
properties (see,
[`config["Domains"]["Materials"]`](../config/domains.md#domains%5B%22Materials%22%5D)
for more information on how to configure anisotropic materials).
[`config["Boundaries"]["Absorbing"]`](../config/boundaries.md#boundaries%5B%22Absorbing%22%5D)

> boundary conditions at the simulation box edges capture electromagnetic

Reviewer: Edges are lines, prefer boundaries
```suggestion
boundary conditions on the external boundaries of the simulation box capture electromagnetic
```

module](https://aws-cqc.github.io/DeviceLayout.jl/stable/examples/singletransmon/)
in DeviceLayout.jl. This module demonstrates how to programmatically assign
domain and boundary attributes from a schematic design, enabling semi-automated
configuration generation for electromagnetic simulations.

The system design is fully parametric, allowing customization of all geometric
and material properties. Physical details can be modified by passing keyword
arguments to the `generate_transmon` function in the `transmon.jl` file. To see
the available design parameters, run the following command in the transmon
example directory:

```bash
julia --project -E 'include("transmon.jl"); @doc SingleTransmon.single_transmon'
```

This displays the available design parameters, including geometric dimensions
and processing options:

```julia
single_transmon(
    w_shield=2μm,
    claw_gap=6μm,
    w_claw=34μm,
    l_claw=121μm,
    cap_width=24μm,
    cap_length=620μm,
    cap_gap=30μm,
    n_meander_turns=5,
    hanger_length=500μm,
    bend_radius=50μm,
    save_mesh::Bool=false,
    save_gds::Bool=false
)
```

Beyond the physical dimensions, the `save_mesh` and `save_gds` options enable

> output of the mesh file for simulation and a [GDS

Reviewer: Nit: mixing definite and indefinite article
```suggestion
output of a mesh file for simulation and a [GDS
```
